Mom, you also know that I am your mother
Li Xiaochuan, let me tell you
Stay away from Lin Xinyue in the future
Don't run around anymore
Otherwise, your father will talk about me again.
Mom marries your dad
I'll give you a baby brother.
What do you want to do when I give birth to a son?
You don't have to live anymore
Baron Boat is 5 years old this year
Was our engagement party good?
Pretend to be a woman and don't want to marry my dad
I'm not going to your wedding party
The boat is held by his grandmother
The old woman will be the first to kill you when I marry
You go back baron
It's not time for me to wear it yet
Then you stay by yourself.
I'm going home.
Baron
Although I have to get pregnant with my child